docs(fix): broken links (#1898)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/pro2-instances.mdx

## Can I migrate from my first generation GP1 Instance to a PRO2 Instance?

> Yes. Refer to the [Migrating Instances - GP1 to PRO2](/compute/instances/api-cli/migrating-instances/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Refer to the [Changing the commercial type of an Instance](/compute/instances/api-cli/migrating-instances/) page.
```
